listen that's gonna get you I love our
Blum House comes up with the craziest
concepts and it's not even so much the
plot aspect of it as it is just the idea
of hiring an Oscar award-winning actress
to play a role like this they then get
the director of that Oscar nominated
movie to helmut they get our generations
Julia Roberts just wait they get another
Oscar winner Allison Janney who I swear
it's gonna finish up her career with and
he got just playing a vet who yells in
this one and then he get treated with
the movie scientifically designed to
make you cringe like I give this a solid
run tip mainly because I'm excited to
see my friends reactions during certain
scenes and then have them be surprised
by the end of it when they realize
there's actually a crazy message in here
about how kids suffer and atone for
their parents mistakes let me explain so
we follow this groaning Maggie who's
returning to her mother's hometown after
the East Coast idea that'll work out so
well and now she's the new kid at school
again she gets approached right off the
bat by the cool kids who invited her
hang out with them but you should know
the moment that you see they're riding a
shag wagon that um you got to get new
friends if they're writing in that 70s
show basement but it has wheels you got
to move on they then take turns seeing
who can entice an adult to buy them beer
and they keep getting denied including
with this vets assistants named Sue Ann
that is until she notices the logo on
the kids man see according to the
director the original script that they
were working with the premise was pretty
much what you saw on the trailer a weird
older lady starts creeping on these kids
and is buying them alcohol she invites
them to her house make some strip all
because she was creepily attracted to
them and wanted to fit in almost as if
she just wanted to relive those high
school years again which then just
become a high school teacher we all know
that's why they do turns out with the
rewrites that they actually expanded on
her story see when Sue Ann was young she
went to the exact same high school these
kids did except it was with their exact
parents Andy's dad I kept eyeing her
back in the day and was flirting here
and there pretty much making her
vulnerable enough to fall for this cruel
prank that he had where he baits her
into thinking that he's going to be
inside of a janitor's closet when in
reality she goes in there and gives
fellatio to a random guy it blows years
later after all that humiliation she no
as the kids of her bullies or the people
who sexually harassed her asking her for
help and she takes advantage of them
recognizing that logo so Anne calls the
cops in order to keep the kids on edge
that way the next time that they want to
drink together she pitches the idea of
coming to her house since they'd be safe
and away from the cops I'm gonna tell
you something right here I'm sure that
when I was a teen I was also done I was
probably dumb enough to follow you a few
blocks down
maybe dumb enough to go under a bridge
an alley at most but the woods he'll
know I've seen Miller's Crossing by that
point I would see the dishes right away
they get duped into going into mom's
house anyway we're her only rules are to
not take the Lord's name in vain swear
or go up the stairs and the kids don't
even question it at all because Maas
basements in a couple of weeks becomes
the go-to spot for every kid from other
schools to hang out
even the Christian girl who sleeps more
than Jeff from The Wiggles is there
she's just sleeping so that she can
avoid anyone asking her to drink and my
is the only one on the block throwing
parties on a Tuesday I was just thinking
why wait for the weekend I'm not even in
Ohio those parties are pretty fire if
you were in a youth camp again you can
see the movie like Blum House's place
beyond the pines right it's a little bit
more on the b-movie side but it pretty
much still is the story of these kids
who are atoning for the mistakes their
parents made it's this vicious cycle
that many times continues because these
kids may be creating their own victims
one of the best lines in the movie is
when Andrews dad reminds her that he was
just a teen when he did his prank and
she reminds him so was I even more when
you look at Maggie's mom and the other
students who were there it's kind of
asking you if the people who were just
observing and knew what was happening
but they didn't do anything to stop it
are just as culpable a big thing that
gets repeated in the movie even to a
cringy degree are these kids who keep
gloating about being cool and how that
forces them to do these things Haley
makes fun of Maggie for not wanting to
hang out with the cool kids at first
even though ain't nothing cool about
begging for friends Haley Chaz wants
Mada buy things for her basement for him
and he thinks that by making fun of her
he'll get what he wants saying don't you
want to be cool MA and you
to buy these things of course you didn't
pulls out a gun on him makes him strip
and says align milk did that body good
but it still stands the idea of using
cool as leverage which will never go
away
even Missy piles character who I'll
always remember her as fran from
dodgeball but her character Mercedes in
this movie who was also into Anne's
class keeps making fun of everyone and
she doesn't think that they're cool
because they failed at their dreams that
were following after high school even
though she forgets she's day drinking at
a casino so imagine how uncool ma feels
when these kids start ghosting her she's
so desperate for their attention that
she pretends to have cancer knowing good
and well that Andrews mom died from it a
few years ago and that would be a soft
spot ma then bumps into Andrews dad and
surprisingly he asked to go on a date
with her Maya's getting all dolled up
ignoring the fact that this is the same
guy who duped her back in the day and he
does it again turns out that he's been
following his kids van that he gave him
with a GPS tracker this whole time and
he's like Maggie and Haley who at this
point take Mouse completely weird and
have told their boyfriends to not go
over
decide to break into mom's house because
they realize they're missing jewelry and
ma has it on they're also missing her
boyfriends and ma has them on too when
they break into her house the movie then
turns into don't breathe because they
start hearing noises upstairs they bump
into a girl who Maggie actually met on
the first day of school except this time
she's walking and she's not in a
wheelchair it turns out that Sue Ann
actually has a daughter from her failed
marriage and she's got her locked up
upstairs so anthing climbs to her
daughter that she's sick and she can't
go out but she could also be treating
Jeannie like gypsy and it could all be
an act by the third act ma goes off the
top like this is the reason people came
to see this movie ma feels no one is on
her side so she runs over Mercedes
thinking she's doing the world a favor
by getting rid of her she kills the vet
cuz screw the animals they had on the
schedule shoots a Snoopy police officer
who's actually played by the director
and then drugs Andrews dad who wakes up
tied to her bed misery style and this
lady almost cuts off gifts
bratwurst
we don't get the most bloom house part
of the movie and that's the one that
takes place in the basement because my
invites all these kids to her basement
for one last hurrah
conveniently is able to get rid of all
the extra so it's just the main cast and
she's able to drug them she then
proceeds to stitch up Haley's mouth so
she can finally shut up
irons Chaz's six packs since he's a
douche bag and then paint store else
face white since according to her there
could only be one black person in the
group at this point
Andy regains consciousness and tries to
dupe my by kissing her knowing that ma
has a thing for him his kid does not
realize that this is the exact move his
dad did years ago and that's what
started this whole thing
suanne realizes this and stabs the boy
and it sets all of these drugged up
children in order to take a picture with
them house that Jack built style it this
is ma the Houston gets set on fire cuz
it's a Blum House movie with 15 minutes
left and while the kids in Jeannie are
able to escape at the last minute Sue
Ann embraces her fates walks up this
fiery building and lays down next to
Andrews dad finally getting that alone
time she wanted with him in bed and it's
hot literally it's literally flaming
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section what
did you think of mod that it hold up to
the expectations that you had for it I
always find plumb house interesting
because for every mod that they release
they have another movie coming out this
year called about the highway that's the
complete opposite like a lot of people
are really quick to blame Blum house for
like making these crappy movies I don't
think that's the case usually we
complain about movies because the
studio's interfere I feel like when the
movies are bad is because Blum House
isn't interfering at all he's allowing
one to make whatever crazy idea that the
filmmaker wants to make so many times it
doesn't end up being you know the best
thing possible but as much as we make
fun of Blum House for giving you know
two mil or five no budgets better to
have a five mil budget and make the
movie you want that'll get distributed
and seen as opposed to getting like an
80 mil budget and then what people are
watching isn't even the movie that you
tried making it is too much meddling so
I'm curious to see what people think
about this movie and more so the bigger
ones that come out because again Blum
House will come out with this
movie and then they'll have the whip
lashes and the get outs a crazy company
but there's almost somewhere in the
middle I think that could have done more
with it I still you know keep it as a
rented out a junior price but there were
some good lines in there some that I had
quoted one that I really liked at the
end came from Maggie's character who
like almost really Avengers her mom or
more so atones for her mom's stuff by
saying that she's not weak and she's not
like her mother so you know that there's
some gems that go in there here and
there other than that I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe
and now I'll bring you a six pack